W-15294445-troubleshooting-limits-fa (#226)
mulesoft/docs-design-center: modules/ROOT/pages/design-best-practices.adoc

= Best Practices when using API Designer

> When you perform tasks on Design Center, you may encounter issues. The following topics help you resolve them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you perform tasks on Design Center, you might encounter issues. Use the following topics to help you resolve them.
```

> == General Best Practices

Reviewer: Avoid "General".
Can you say something more specific?

> * Divide your fragments into shorter reusable dependencies when possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Divide your fragments into shorter reusable dependencies when possible.
```

Reviewer: These bullets are full sentences so need terminating punctuation.

Do they render correctly with the extra line spacing?

> * Have one version of the same dependency

Reviewer: Have -> Limit? Keep? Maintain?

> * Have only one browser tab open at a time for API Designer

Reviewer: Keep?

=== API Designer Resources

> When using API Designer, the resources to parse the specification depend on the user. Having a computer with enough available resources is crucial for API Designer to function properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using API Designer, the required resources to parse the specification depend on the user. For API Designer to function properly, ensure your computer has the following minimum resources available:
```

Reviewer: What does this mean: "depend on the user"?

> Suggested resources:

Reviewer: Suggest removing and have the intro include this info.

> Suggested resources:

Reviewer: Is this the minimum available or the total minimum?

Reviewer: Is "resources available" = resources available to API Designer (above and beyond whatever else the customer is doing)?

> * 8GB RAM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 8 GB RAM
```

> * Ryzen series 5 / Intel i5 GPU or higher

Reviewer: Will customers know what this is?

> Due to parser limitations, your API Designer projects should have a total project size between 500 Kilobytes (KB) and 1.5 Megabytes (MB). 

Reviewer 2: I would not say between 500KB and 1.5MB, I would just mention that project total size should be ideally below 500MB, but that the limit is on 1.5MB.
Because if not users may understand that their project size must be above 500KB when having projects below 500KB is ideal.

Reviewer 2: Also, would clarify that project size is considered by the addition of all files in the project

> Due to parser limitations, your API Designer projects should have a total project size between 500 Kilobytes (KB) and 1.5 Megabytes (MB). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to parser limitations, the total project size for your API Designer projects must be between 500 KB and 1.5 MB. 
```

> When exceeding in size, validation times are higher than usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the project size exceeds 1.5 MB, validation takes longer.
```

> === Oas Specifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== OAS Specification Best Practices
```

> * Use the `$ref` property to define reusable components. You can reference them across the API Specification to improve parsing efficiency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the `$ref` property to define reusable components. To improve parsing efficiency, reference components across the API specification, for example:
```

> ----

Reviewer: Does this nest properly under the bullet list?

components:
  schemas:
    User:
      type: object
      properties:
        id:
          type: integer

paths:
  /users:
    get:
      responses:
        '200':
          description: Successful response
          content:
            application/json:
              schema:
                $ref: '#/components/schemas/User'

----

> * Use simpler types to represent your data if possible. Try to avoid unnecessary nesting and complicated types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use simpler types to represent your data if possible. Avoid unnecessary nesting and complicated types, for example:
```

> ----

Reviewer: Does this nest properly under the bullet?

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
----
```

properties:
  age:
    type: integer  # Prefer simple types over complex types like objects

----

> * Use the `enum` property for fields when fixed set of values to improve parsing efficiency: 

Reviewer: Unclear. Read this sentence aloud.

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
----
```

properties:
  status:
    type: string
    enum: [active, inactive]

----

> * Use simple nesting of objects to simplify the structure, improve readability and parsing efficiency: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use simple nesting for objects to simplify the structure and improve readability and parsing efficiency: 
```

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
----
```

# Good
properties:
  name:
    type: string
  address:
    type: string

# Avoid
properties:
  user:
    type: object
    properties:
      profile:
        type: object
        properties:
          name:
            type: string

----

* Use `response` headers to provide additional information without including it in the response body:

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
----
```

responses:
  '200':
    description: Successful response
    headers:
      X-Rate-Limit-Limit:
        description: The number of requests allowed in the current period
        schema:
          type: integer

----

* Include only concise and short examples: 

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
----
```

Book:
  type: string
  example: "Explain the string with as few words as possible."
----

> * When using union type properties, make sure you use `oneOf` to represent union type object fields, `allOf` to represent intersection type and composite objects and fields, and `anyOf` when defining a property with multiple possible data structures. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When using union-type properties, use `oneOf` to represent union-type object fields, `allOf` to represent intersection type and composite objects and fields, and `anyOf` when defining a property with multiple possible data structures. 
```

= Best Practices when using API Designer

> When you perform tasks on Design Center, you might encounter issues. Use the following topics to help you resolve them.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you perform tasks on Design Center, you can encounter issues. Use the following topics to help you resolve them.
```

== API Designer Best Practices

* Divide your fragments into shorter reusable dependencies when possible.

> * Keep only one version of the same dependency

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Keep one version of the same dependency
```

> * Keep only one browser tab open at a time for API Designer

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Keep one browser tab open at a time for API Designer
```
